Adds documentation on prometheus-ha cluster limit NRIE (#19854)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/infrastructure/prometheus-integrations/install-configure/prometheus-high-availability-ha.mdx

  </tbody>
</table>

<Callout variant="caution">

>   There is a limit of 1500 unique Prometheus HA clusters per account. Exceeding this limit results in data being dropped for additional HA clusters. If this occurs, New Relic generates `PrometheusHAClusterLimit` [`NrIntegrationError`](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/data-apis/ingest-apis/metric-api/troubleshoot-nrintegrationerror-events/) events.

Reviewer: suggession:

```suggestion
  An account can have up to 1,500 unique Prometheus HA clusters. If this limit is exceeded, data from additional HA clusters will be dropped. In such cases, New Relic generates `PrometheusHAClusterLimit` [`NrIntegrationError`](/docs/data-apis/ingest-apis/metric-api/troubleshoot-nrintegrationerror-events/) events.
```

>   There is a limit of 1500 unique Prometheus HA clusters per account. Exceeding this limit results in data being dropped for additional HA clusters. If this occurs, New Relic generates `PrometheusHAClusterLimit` and [`NrIntegrationError`](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/data-apis/ingest-apis/metric-api/troubleshoot-nrintegrationerror-events/) events.

Author: ```suggestion
  There is a limit of 1500 unique Prometheus HA clusters per account. Exceeding this limit results in data being dropped for additional HA clusters. If this occurs, New Relic generates `PrometheusHAClusterLimit` [`NrIntegrationError`](https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/data-apis/ingest-apis/metric-api/troubleshoot-nrintegrationerror-events/) events.
```
